DOCS-1054: Add session management diagram to sessions page (#1754)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/program/apis/sessions.md

With default configuration, sessions are automatically managed for you with Viam's `SessionsClient`.
If you want to manage sessions yourself, use Viam's sessions management API.

> The session management API moderates `viam-server`'s client network connections like the star to `viam-server`'s planet:

Author: ```suggestion
The session management API moderates `viam-server`'s client network connections, like the star to `viam-server`'s planet:
```

> The session management API moderates `viam-server`'s client network connections, like the star to `viam-server`'s planet in a solar system of application clients:

Author: @npentrel could make this more clear by just adding `An analogy for Viam's session management API and viam-server's Robot APIs' partnership in managing client sessions within the Viam client ecosystem, with the API as a larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot` outside of alt text. what do you think?

Reviewer: I've been looking at the image all wrong lol and been very confused about this analogy (thought the user was viam-server).

```suggestion
The session management API moderates `viam-server`'s client network connections.
You can think about a user as one of many clients that are connected to `viam-server` like a star in a solar system of application clients.
All stars (clients) are subject to forces of the planet (`viam-server`) and the sun ( the Session Management API), with the API being the larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot.
```

^ Is this a correct understanding of the analogy? I think the part that was missing for me is how the analogy connects the forces?

Author: That's perfect imo, thank you so much for taking the time to think that out and suggest. Will implement/done

Author: And if you were confused, a description is definitely good 😆 do you think it's helpful at all with the description?

> The session management API moderates `viam-server`'s client network connections, like the star to `viam-server`'s planet in an solar system of application clients:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session management API moderates `viam-server`'s client network connections, like the star to `viam-server`'s planet in a solar system of application clients:
```

typo

Author: done, ty

> {{<imgproc src="program/viam-session-management.png" resize="500x" declaredimensions=true alt="An analogy for Viam's session management API pruning client sessions within the Viam client ecosystem, with the API as a larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot. A planet and its moon are pictured, with viam-server being the moon, orbiting the session management API but possessing clients in its orbit itself.">}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{<imgproc src="program/viam-session-management.png" resize="500x" declaredimensions=true alt="An analogy for Viam's session management API pruning client sessions within the Viam client ecosystem, with the API as a larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot. A star and its planet are pictured, with viam-server being the planet, orbiting the session management API but possessing many clients in its orbit itself.">}}
```

> {{<imgproc src="program/viam-session-management.png" resize="500x" declaredimensions=true alt="An analogy for Viam's session management API pruning client sessions within the Viam client ecosystem, with the API as a larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot. A star and its planet are pictured, with viam-server being the planet, orbiting the session management API but possessing many clients in its orbit itself.">}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{<imgproc src="program/viam-session-management.png" resize="500x" declaredimensions=true alt="An analogy for Viam's session management API and viam-server partnership in managing client sessions within the Viam client ecosystem, with the API as a larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot. A star and its planet are pictured, with viam-server being the planet, orbiting the session management API but possessing many clients in its orbit itself.">}}
```

With default configuration, sessions are automatically managed for you with Viam's `SessionsClient`.
If you want to manage sessions yourself, use Viam's sessions management API.

The session management API moderates `viam-server`'s client network connections.
You can think about a user as one of many clients that are connected to `viam-server` like a star in a solar system of application clients.

> All stars (clients) are subject to forces of the planet (`viam-server`) and the sun ( the Session Management API), with the API being the larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All stars (clients) are subject to forces of the planet (`viam-server`) and the sun (the Session Management API), with the API being the larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot.
```
Not reviewing just saw this since I'm tagged and noticed this extra space

With default configuration, sessions are automatically managed for you with Viam's `SessionsClient`.
If you want to manage sessions yourself, use Viam's sessions management API.

> {{<imgproc src="program/viam-session-management.png" resize="500x" declaredimensions=true alt="An pictured analogy for Viam's session management API pruning client sessions within the Viam client ecosystem, with the API as a larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot. A planet and its moon are pictured, with viam-server being the moon, orbiting the session management API but possessing clients in its orbit itself.">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<imgproc src="program/viam-session-management.png" resize="500x" declaredimensions=true alt="An analogy for Viam's session management API pruning client sessions within the Viam client ecosystem, with the API as a larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot. A planet and its moon are pictured, with viam-server being the moon, orbiting the session management API but possessing clients in its orbit itself.">}}
```

> {{<imgproc src="program/viam-session-management.png" resize="500x" declaredimensions=true alt="An pictured analogy for Viam's session management API pruning client sessions within the Viam client ecosystem, with the session management API as a larger force managing viam-server's clients than viam-server itself. A planet and its moon is pictured, with viam-server being the moon, orbiting the session management API but possessing clients in its orbit itself.">}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{<imgproc src="program/viam-session-management.png" resize="500x" declaredimensions=true alt="An pictured analogy for Viam's session management API pruning client sessions within the Viam client ecosystem, with the API as a larger force managing viam-server's clients' connection to the robot. A planet and its moon are pictured, with viam-server being the moon, orbiting the session management API but possessing clients in its orbit itself.">}}
```
